README.md, before:

<div align="center">

![Password Pusher Front Page](https://pwpush.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/pwpush-horizontal-logo.png)

__Simple & Secure Password Sharing with Auto-Expiration of Shared Items__
    
[![](https://badgen.net/twitter/follow/pwpush)](https://twitter.com/pwpush)
![](https://badgen.net/github/stars/pglombardo/PasswordPusher)
[![](https://badgen.net/uptime-robot/month/m789048867-17b5770ccd78208645662f1f)](https://stats.uptimerobot.com/6xJjNtPr93)
[![](https://badgen.net/docker/pulls/pglombardo/pwpush-ephemeral)](https://hub.docker.com/repositories)

[![Github CI](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/actions/workflows/ruby.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/actions/workflows/ruby.yml)
[![](https://badgen.net/circleci/github/pglombardo/PasswordPusher)](https://circleci.com/gh/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master)
[![Dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-up%20to%20date-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/pglombardo/pwpush-cli/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr%20author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot)
[![Semantic Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--versions-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/pglombardo/pwpush-cli/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pglombardo/PasswordPusher)](https://github.com/pglombardo/pwpush/blob/master/LICENSE)

</div>

------

Password Pusher is an opensource application to communicate passwords over the web. Links to passwords expire after a certain number of views and/or time has passed.

Hosted at [pwpush.com](https://pwpush.com) but you can also easily run your own private instance with just a few steps.

* __Easy-to-install:__ Host your own via Docker, a cloud service or just use [pwpush.com](https://pwpush.com)
* __Opensource:__ No blackbox code.  Only trusted, tested and reviewed opensource code.
* __Audit logging:__ Track and control what you've shared and see who has viewed it.
* __Encrypted storage:__ All sensitive data is stored encrypted and is deleted once expired.
* __Host your own:__ Database backed or ephemeral, easily run your own instance isolated from the world.
* __JSON API:__ Raw JSON API available for 3rd party tools or command line via `curl` or `wget`.
* __Command line interface:__ Automate your password distribution with CLI tools or custom scripts.
* __Internationalized:__ 17 language translations are bundled in.  Easily selectable via UI or URL
* __Unbranded delivery page:__ No logos, superfluous text or unrelated links to confuse end users.
* __Customizable:__ Change text and default options via environment variables.
* __Light & dark themes:__  Via CSS @media integration, the site theme follows your local preferences
* __Rebrandable:__ Customize the site name, tagline and logo to fit your environment.
* __10 Years Old:__ Password Pusher has securely delivered millions and millions of passwords in it's 10 year history.
* __Honest Software:__  Opensource written and maintained by [me](https://github.com/pglombardo) with the help of some great contributors.  No organizations, corporations or evil agendas.

Follow Password Pusher [on Twitter](https://twitter.com/pwpush), [Gettr](https://gettr.com/user/pwpush) or [on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pwpush) for the latest news, updates and changes.

-----

[![](./app/frontend/img/features/front-page-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/front-page-large.png)
[![](./app/frontend/img/features/audit-log-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/audit-log-large.png)
[![](./app/frontend/img/features/secret-url-languages-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/secret-url-languages-large.png)
[![](./app/frontend/img/features/password-generator-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/password-generator-large.png)
[![](./app/frontend/img/features/dark-theme-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/dark-theme.gif)
[![](./app/frontend/img/features/preliminary-step-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/preliminary-step.gif)


# ⚡️ Quickstart

→ Go to [pwpush.com](https://pwpush.com) and try it out.

_or_

→ Run your own instance with one command: `docker run -d -p "5100:5100" pglombardo/pwpush-ephemeral:release` then go to http://localhost:5100

_or_

→ Use one of the [3rd party tools](#3rd-party-tools) that interface with Password Pusher.

# 💾 Run Your Own Instance

_Note: Password Pusher can be largely configured by environment variables so after you pick your deployment method below, make sure to read [the configuration page](Configuration.md).  Take particular attention in setting your own custom encryption key which isn't required but provides the best security for your instance._

## On Docker

Docker images of Password Pusher are available on [Docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/pglombardo).

**➜ ephemeral**
_Temporary database that is wiped on container restart._

    docker run -d -p "5100:5100" pglombardo/pwpush-ephemeral:release

[Learn more](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/docker#pwpush-ephemeral)

**➜ using an External Postgres Database**
_Postgres database backed instance._

    docker run -d -p "5100:5100" pglombardo/pwpush-postgres:release

[Learn more](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/docker#pwpush-postgres)

**➜ using an External MariaDB (MySQL) Database**
_Mariadb database backed instance._

    docker run -d -p "5100:5100" pglombardo/pwpush-mysql:release

[Learn more](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/docker#pwpush-mysql)

_Note: The `latest` Docker container tag builds nightly off of the latest code changes and can occasionally be unstable.  Always use the ['release' or version'd tags](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/pglombardo/pwpush-ephemeral/tags?page=1&ordering=last_updated) if you prefer more stability in releases._

## With Docker Compose

**➜ One-liner Password Pusher with a Postgres Database**

    curl -s -o docker-compose.yml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/master/containers/docker/pwpush-postgres/docker-compose.yml && docker compose up -d

**➜ One-liner Password Pusher with a MariaDB (MySQL) Database**

    curl -s -o docker-compose.yml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/master/containers/docker/pwpush-mysql/docker-compose.yml && docker compose up -d

## On Kubernetes

Instructions and explanation of a Kubernetes setup [can be found
here](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/kubernetes).

## On Microsoft Azure

_There used to be a 3rd party blog post with instructions but it's been deleted.  If anyone has instructions they would like to contribute, it would be greatly appreciated._

See [issue #277](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/issues/277)

## On OpenShift

See our [OpenShift documentation](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/docker#pwpush-openshift).

## On Heroku

One click deploy to [Heroku Cloud](https://www.heroku.com) without having to set up servers.

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher)

_This option will deploy a production Password Pusher instance backed by a postgres database to Heroku.  Heroku used to offer free dynos but that is [no longer the case](https://blog.heroku.com/next-chapter) from November 28, 2022.  Hosting charges will be incurred._

## From Source

Make sure you have git and Ruby installed and then:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:pglombardo/PasswordPusher.git
cd PasswordPusher
gem install bundler
bundle install --without development production test --deployment
bundle exec rake assets:precompile
RAILS_ENV=private ./bin/rake db:setup
./bin/rails server --environment=private
```

Then view the site @ [http://localhost:5100/](http://localhost:5100/).

# 🔨 3rd Party Tools

## Command Line Utilities

* The almost official [pwpush-cli](https://github.com/pglombardo/pwpush-cli) (in pre-beta): CLI for Password Pusher with authentication support

* [thekamilpro/kppwpush](https://github.com/thekamilpro/kppwpush): A PowerShell Module available in the [PowerShell Gallery](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/KpPwpush/0.0.1).  See the livestream of it's creation on [The Kamil Pro's channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8_PZOx_KBY&feature=youtu.be).

* [pgarm/pwposh](https://github.com/pgarm/pwposh): a PowerShell module available in the [PowerShell Gallery](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/PwPoSh/)

*  [lnfnunes/pwpush-cli](https://github.com/lnfnunes/pwpush-cli): a Node.js based CLI 

* [abkierstein/pwpush](https://github.com/abkierstein/pwpush): a Python based CLI

## Libraries & APIs

* [oyale/PwPush-PHP](https://github.com/oyale/PwPush-PHP): a PHP library wrapper to easily push passwords to any Password Pusher instance

## Android Apps

*  [Pushie](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.chesire.pushie) by [chesire](https://github.com/chesire)

## Application Integrations

* [Slack: How to Add a Custom Slash Command](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/wiki/PasswordPusher-&-Slack:-Custom-Slash-Command)

* [Unraid Application](https://forums.unraid.net/topic/104128-support-passwordpusher-pwpush-corneliousjd-repo/)

* [Alfred Workflow](http://www.packal.org/workflow/passwordpusher) for Mac users

_See also the [Tools Page on pwpush.com](https://pwpush.com/en/pages/tools)._

# 📡 The Password Pusher API

* [JSON API Documentation](https://pwpush.com/api)
* [Walkthrough & Examples](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/wiki/Password-API)

# 🇮🇹 Internationalization

Password Pusher is currently available in **14 languages** with more languages being added often as volunteers apply.

From within the application, the language is selectable from a language menu.  Out of the box and before any language menu selection is done, the default language for the application is English.

## Changing the Default Language

The default language can be changed by setting an environment variable with the appropriate language code:

    PWP__DEFAULT_LOCALE=es

For more details, a list of supported language codes and further explanation, see the bottom of this [configuration file](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/blob/master/config/settings.yml).

# 🛟 Help Out

[pwpush.com](https://pwpush.com) is hosted on Digital Ocean and is happily paid out of pocket by myself for more than 10 years.

__But you could help out greatly__ by signing up to Digital Ocean with [this link](https://m.do.co/c/f4ea6ef24c13) (and get $200 credit).  In return, Password Pusher gets a helpful hosting credit.

**tldr;** Sign up to Digital Ocean [with this link](https://m.do.co/c/f4ea6ef24c13), get $200 credit for free and help Password Pusher out.

[![DigitalOcean Referral Badge](https://web-platforms.sfo2.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/WWW/Badge%201.svg)](https://www.digitalocean.com/?refcode=f4ea6ef24c13&utm_campaign=Referral_Invite&utm_medium=Referral_Program&utm_source=badge)

# 📼 Credits

## Translators

Thanks to our great translators!

If you would like to volunteer and assist in translating, see [this page](https://pwpush.com/en/pages/translate).

| Name   | Language  | |
|---|---|---|
| [Oyale](https://github.com/oyale) | [Catalan](https://pwpush.com/ca) | |
| Finn Skaaning  |  [Danish](https://pwpush.com/da/p/ny) | |
| [Mihail Tchetchelnitski](https://github.com/mtchetch)  | [Finnish](https://pwpush.com/fi/p/uusi)  | |
| [Thibaut](https://github.com/tibo59) | [French](https://pwpush.com/fr/p/Nouveau) | |
| Thomas Wölk | [German](https://pwpush.com/de/p/neu) | [Github](https://github.com/confluencepoint/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/confluencepoint) |
| Martin Otto |[German](https://pwpush.com/de/p/neu) | |
| Robin Jørgensen |[Norwegian](https://pwpush.com/no/p/ny) | |
| [Łukasz](https://github.com/drpt)|[Polish](https://pwpush.com/pl/p/nowy) | |
| [Jair Henrique](https://github.com/jairhenrique/) | [Portuguese](https://pwpush.com/pt-br/p/novo) | |
| [Fabrício Rodrigues](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ifabriciorodrigues/)| [Portuguese](https://pwpush.com/pt-br/p/novo) | |
| [Ivan Freitas](https://github.com/IvanMFreitas)| [Portuguese](https://pwpush.com/pt-br/p/novo) | |
| Sara Faria| [Portuguese](https://pwpush.com/pt-br/p/novo) | |
| [Oyale](https://github.com/oyale) |[Spanish](https://pwpush.com/pt-br/p/novo) | |
| johan323 |[Swedish](https://pwpush.com/sv/p/ny) | |
| Fredrik Arvas|[Swedish](https://pwpush.com/sv/p/ny) | |

Also thanks to [translation.io](https://translation.io) for their great service in managing translations.  It's also generously free for opensource projects.

## Containers

Thanks to:

* [@fiskhest](https://github.com/fiskhest) the [Kubernetes installation instructions and manifests](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/kubernetes).

* [@sfarosu](https://github.com/sfarosu) for [contributing](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/pull/82) the Docker, Kubernetes & OpenShift container support.

## Other

Thanks to:

* [@iandunn](https://github.com/iandunn) for better password form security.

* [Kasper 'kapöw' Grubbe](https://github.com/kaspergrubbe) for the [JSON POST fix](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/pull/3).

* [JarvisAndPi](http://www.reddit.com/user/JarvisAndPi) for the favicon design

...and many more.  See the [Contributors page](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/graphs/contributors) for more details.

# 🛡 License

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pglombardo/PasswordPusher)](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/blob/main/LICENSE)

This project is licensed under the terms of the `GNU General Public License v3.0` license. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

# 📃 Citation

```bibtex
@misc{PasswordPusher,
  author = {Peter Giacomo Lombardo},
  title = {An application to securely communicate passwords over the web. Passwords automatically expire after a certain number of views and/or time has passed.},
  year = {2022},
  publisher = {GitHub},
  journal = {GitHub repository},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher}}
}
```

Commit message:

Add Digital Ocean deploy button

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

![Password Pusher Front Page](https://pwpush.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/pwpush-horizontal-logo.png)

__Simple & Secure Password Sharing with Auto-Expiration of Shared Items__
    
[![](https://badgen.net/twitter/follow/pwpush)](https://twitter.com/pwpush)
![](https://badgen.net/github/stars/pglombardo/PasswordPusher)
[![](https://badgen.net/uptime-robot/month/m789048867-17b5770ccd78208645662f1f)](https://stats.uptimerobot.com/6xJjNtPr93)
[![](https://badgen.net/docker/pulls/pglombardo/pwpush-ephemeral)](https://hub.docker.com/repositories)

[![Github CI](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/actions/workflows/ruby.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/actions/workflows/ruby.yml)
[![](https://badgen.net/circleci/github/pglombardo/PasswordPusher)](https://circleci.com/gh/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master)
[![Dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-up%20to%20date-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/pglombardo/pwpush-cli/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr%20author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot)
[![Semantic Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--versions-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/pglombardo/pwpush-cli/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pglombardo/PasswordPusher)](https://github.com/pglombardo/pwpush/blob/master/LICENSE)

</div>

------

Password Pusher is an opensource application to communicate passwords over the web. Links to passwords expire after a certain number of views and/or time has passed.

Hosted at [pwpush.com](https://pwpush.com) but you can also easily run your own private instance with just a few steps.

* __Easy-to-install:__ Host your own via Docker, a cloud service or just use [pwpush.com](https://pwpush.com)
* __Opensource:__ No blackbox code.  Only trusted, tested and reviewed opensource code.
* __Audit logging:__ Track and control what you've shared and see who has viewed it.
* __Encrypted storage:__ All sensitive data is stored encrypted and is deleted once expired.
* __Host your own:__ Database backed or ephemeral, easily run your own instance isolated from the world.
* __JSON API:__ Raw JSON API available for 3rd party tools or command line via `curl` or `wget`.
* __Command line interface:__ Automate your password distribution with CLI tools or custom scripts.
* __Internationalized:__ 17 language translations are bundled in.  Easily selectable via UI or URL
* __Unbranded delivery page:__ No logos, superfluous text or unrelated links to confuse end users.
* __Customizable:__ Change text and default options via environment variables.
* __Light & dark themes:__  Via CSS @media integration, the site theme follows your local preferences
* __Rebrandable:__ Customize the site name, tagline and logo to fit your environment.
* __10 Years Old:__ Password Pusher has securely delivered millions and millions of passwords in it's 10 year history.
* __Honest Software:__  Opensource written and maintained by [me](https://github.com/pglombardo) with the help of some great contributors.  No organizations, corporations or evil agendas.

Follow Password Pusher [on Twitter](https://twitter.com/pwpush), [Gettr](https://gettr.com/user/pwpush) or [on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pwpush) for the latest news, updates and changes.

-----

[![](./app/frontend/img/features/front-page-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/front-page-large.png)
[![](./app/frontend/img/features/audit-log-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/audit-log-large.png)
[![](./app/frontend/img/features/secret-url-languages-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/secret-url-languages-large.png)
[![](./app/frontend/img/features/password-generator-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/password-generator-large.png)
[![](./app/frontend/img/features/dark-theme-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/dark-theme.gif)
[![](./app/frontend/img/features/preliminary-step-thumb.png)](./app/frontend/img/features/preliminary-step.gif)


# ⚡️ Quickstart

→ Go to [pwpush.com](https://pwpush.com) and try it out.

_or_

→ Run your own instance with one command: `docker run -d -p "5100:5100" pglombardo/pwpush-ephemeral:release` then go to http://localhost:5100

_or_

→ Use one of the [3rd party tools](#3rd-party-tools) that interface with Password Pusher.

# 💾 Run Your Own Instance

_Note: Password Pusher can be largely configured by environment variables so after you pick your deployment method below, make sure to read [the configuration page](Configuration.md).  Take particular attention in setting your own custom encryption key which isn't required but provides the best security for your instance._

## On Docker

Docker images of Password Pusher are available on [Docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/pglombardo).

**➜ ephemeral**
_Temporary database that is wiped on container restart._

    docker run -d -p "5100:5100" pglombardo/pwpush-ephemeral:release

[Learn more](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/docker#pwpush-ephemeral)

**➜ using an External Postgres Database**
_Postgres database backed instance._

    docker run -d -p "5100:5100" pglombardo/pwpush-postgres:release

[Learn more](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/docker#pwpush-postgres)

**➜ using an External MariaDB (MySQL) Database**
_Mariadb database backed instance._

    docker run -d -p "5100:5100" pglombardo/pwpush-mysql:release

[Learn more](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/docker#pwpush-mysql)

_Note: The `latest` Docker container tag builds nightly off of the latest code changes and can occasionally be unstable.  Always use the ['release' or version'd tags](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/pglombardo/pwpush-ephemeral/tags?page=1&ordering=last_updated) if you prefer more stability in releases._

## With Docker Compose

**➜ One-liner Password Pusher with a Postgres Database**

    curl -s -o docker-compose.yml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/master/containers/docker/pwpush-postgres/docker-compose.yml && docker compose up -d

**➜ One-liner Password Pusher with a MariaDB (MySQL) Database**

    curl -s -o docker-compose.yml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/master/containers/docker/pwpush-mysql/docker-compose.yml && docker compose up -d

## Digital Ocean

Sign up to Digital Ocean [with this link](https://m.do.co/c/f4ea6ef24c13) and **get $200 in credit to spend**.  This also supports this project as Password Pusher will get a helpful hosting credit.

[![Deploy to DO](https://www.deploytodo.com/do-btn-blue.svg)](https://cloud.digitalocean.com/apps/new?repo=https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master)


## Kubernetes

Instructions and explanation of a Kubernetes setup [can be found
here](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/kubernetes).

## Microsoft Azure

_There used to be a 3rd party blog post with instructions but it's been deleted.  If anyone has instructions they would like to contribute, it would be greatly appreciated._

See [issue #277](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/issues/277)

## OpenShift

See our [OpenShift documentation](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/docker#pwpush-openshift).

## Heroku

One click deploy to [Heroku Cloud](https://www.heroku.com) without having to set up servers.

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher)

_Heroku used to offer free dynos but that is [no longer the case](https://blog.heroku.com/next-chapter) from November 28, 2022._

## From Source

Make sure you have git and Ruby installed and then:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:pglombardo/PasswordPusher.git
cd PasswordPusher
gem install bundler
bundle install --without development production test --deployment
bundle exec rake assets:precompile
RAILS_ENV=private ./bin/rake db:setup
./bin/rails server --environment=private
```

Then view the site @ [http://localhost:5100/](http://localhost:5100/).

# 🔨 3rd Party Tools

## Command Line Utilities

* The almost official [pwpush-cli](https://github.com/pglombardo/pwpush-cli) (in pre-beta): CLI for Password Pusher with authentication support

* [thekamilpro/kppwpush](https://github.com/thekamilpro/kppwpush): A PowerShell Module available in the [PowerShell Gallery](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/KpPwpush/0.0.1).  See the livestream of it's creation on [The Kamil Pro's channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8_PZOx_KBY&feature=youtu.be).

* [pgarm/pwposh](https://github.com/pgarm/pwposh): a PowerShell module available in the [PowerShell Gallery](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/PwPoSh/)

*  [lnfnunes/pwpush-cli](https://github.com/lnfnunes/pwpush-cli): a Node.js based CLI 

* [abkierstein/pwpush](https://github.com/abkierstein/pwpush): a Python based CLI

## Libraries & APIs

* [oyale/PwPush-PHP](https://github.com/oyale/PwPush-PHP): a PHP library wrapper to easily push passwords to any Password Pusher instance

## Android Apps

*  [Pushie](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.chesire.pushie) by [chesire](https://github.com/chesire)

## Application Integrations

* [Slack: How to Add a Custom Slash Command](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/wiki/PasswordPusher-&-Slack:-Custom-Slash-Command)

* [Unraid Application](https://forums.unraid.net/topic/104128-support-passwordpusher-pwpush-corneliousjd-repo/)

* [Alfred Workflow](http://www.packal.org/workflow/passwordpusher) for Mac users

_See also the [Tools Page on pwpush.com](https://pwpush.com/en/pages/tools)._

# 📡 The Password Pusher API

* [JSON API Documentation](https://pwpush.com/api)
* [Walkthrough & Examples](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/wiki/Password-API)

# 🇮🇹 Internationalization

Password Pusher is currently available in **14 languages** with more languages being added often as volunteers apply.

From within the application, the language is selectable from a language menu.  Out of the box and before any language menu selection is done, the default language for the application is English.

## Changing the Default Language

The default language can be changed by setting an environment variable with the appropriate language code:

    PWP__DEFAULT_LOCALE=es

For more details, a list of supported language codes and further explanation, see the bottom of this [configuration file](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/blob/master/config/settings.yml).

# 🛟 Help Out

[pwpush.com](https://pwpush.com) is hosted on Digital Ocean and is happily paid out of pocket by myself for more than 10 years.

__But you could help out greatly__ by signing up to Digital Ocean with [this link](https://m.do.co/c/f4ea6ef24c13) (and get $200 credit).  In return, Password Pusher gets a helpful hosting credit.

**tldr;** Sign up to Digital Ocean [with this link](https://m.do.co/c/f4ea6ef24c13), get $200 credit for free and help Password Pusher out.

[![DigitalOcean Referral Badge](https://web-platforms.sfo2.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/WWW/Badge%201.svg)](https://www.digitalocean.com/?refcode=f4ea6ef24c13&utm_campaign=Referral_Invite&utm_medium=Referral_Program&utm_source=badge)

# 📼 Credits

## Translators

Thanks to our great translators!

If you would like to volunteer and assist in translating, see [this page](https://pwpush.com/en/pages/translate).

| Name   | Language  | |
|---|---|---|
| [Oyale](https://github.com/oyale) | [Catalan](https://pwpush.com/ca) | |
| Finn Skaaning  |  [Danish](https://pwpush.com/da/p/ny) | |
| [Mihail Tchetchelnitski](https://github.com/mtchetch)  | [Finnish](https://pwpush.com/fi/p/uusi)  | |
| [Thibaut](https://github.com/tibo59) | [French](https://pwpush.com/fr/p/Nouveau) | |
| Thomas Wölk | [German](https://pwpush.com/de/p/neu) | [Github](https://github.com/confluencepoint/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/confluencepoint) |
| Martin Otto |[German](https://pwpush.com/de/p/neu) | |
| Robin Jørgensen |[Norwegian](https://pwpush.com/no/p/ny) | |
| [Łukasz](https://github.com/drpt)|[Polish](https://pwpush.com/pl/p/nowy) | |
| [Jair Henrique](https://github.com/jairhenrique/) | [Portuguese](https://pwpush.com/pt-br/p/novo) | |
| [Fabrício Rodrigues](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ifabriciorodrigues/)| [Portuguese](https://pwpush.com/pt-br/p/novo) | |
| [Ivan Freitas](https://github.com/IvanMFreitas)| [Portuguese](https://pwpush.com/pt-br/p/novo) | |
| Sara Faria| [Portuguese](https://pwpush.com/pt-br/p/novo) | |
| [Oyale](https://github.com/oyale) |[Spanish](https://pwpush.com/pt-br/p/novo) | |
| johan323 |[Swedish](https://pwpush.com/sv/p/ny) | |
| Fredrik Arvas|[Swedish](https://pwpush.com/sv/p/ny) | |

Also thanks to [translation.io](https://translation.io) for their great service in managing translations.  It's also generously free for opensource projects.

## Containers

Thanks to:

* [@fiskhest](https://github.com/fiskhest) the [Kubernetes installation instructions and manifests](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/tree/master/containers/kubernetes).

* [@sfarosu](https://github.com/sfarosu) for [contributing](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/pull/82) the Docker, Kubernetes & OpenShift container support.

## Other

Thanks to:

* [@iandunn](https://github.com/iandunn) for better password form security.

* [Kasper 'kapöw' Grubbe](https://github.com/kaspergrubbe) for the [JSON POST fix](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/pull/3).

* [JarvisAndPi](http://www.reddit.com/user/JarvisAndPi) for the favicon design

...and many more.  See the [Contributors page](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/graphs/contributors) for more details.

# 🛡 License

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pglombardo/PasswordPusher)](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/blob/main/LICENSE)

This project is licensed under the terms of the `GNU General Public License v3.0` license. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

# 📃 Citation

```bibtex
@misc{PasswordPusher,
  author = {Peter Giacomo Lombardo},
  title = {An application to securely communicate passwords over the web. Passwords automatically expire after a certain number of views and/or time has passed.},
  year = {2022},
  publisher = {GitHub},
  journal = {GitHub repository},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/pglombardo/PasswordPusher}}
}
```
